CCPP v6.0.0 SciDoc updates (#919)
NCAR/ccpp-physics: physics/docs/pdftxt/GFS_RRTMG.txt

 - CSULFtoa: Upward LW
 - CSUSFtoa: Upward SW

\section rrtmg_enh CCPP Physics Updates
\version CCPP v6.0.0
\author Qingfu Liu (NCEP Environmental Modeling Center): Qingfu.Liu@noaa.gov

Requests have been made by many physics developers and users to rewrite

> the cloud routines (progcldXXX) for radiation computation in the program

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the cloud routines (routines progcld) for radiation computation in the program
```
Let's avoid XXX or we may be blocked in certain searches.

Author: All XXXs are gone now.

radiation_clouds.f. Those cloud subroutines are very similar, and
have many lines of common code. We modified the radiation_clouds.f module,
and includes all the calculations of the cloud properties to a new subroutine
radiation_clouds_prop. We also moved the common code from subroutines
progcldXXX to this new subroutine. Subroutine radiation_clouds_prop can be
called by RRTMG and RRTMGP. A single call to the subroutine
radiation_clouds_prop can connect to the calculations of the cloud
radiation properties for all the microphysics schemes.

Summary of the major changes:
- radiation_clouds.f

>  A new subroutine “radiation_clouds_prop” is added in the program radiation_clouds.f. This new subroutine contains all the calculations of the cloud radiation properties for all the microphysics. Rename all the subroutines “progcldXXX” to new names based on the input variables imp_physics_XXX, and remove the inactive subroutines from file radiation_clouds.f

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 A new subroutine “radiation_clouds_prop” was added to radiation_clouds.f. This new subroutine calculates all cloud radiation properties for all microphysics schemes. Subroutines “progcld” were renamed based on the input variables imp_physics, and the inactive subroutines were removed from file radiation_clouds.f
```

 -       'progcld1'        --- > progcld_zhao_carr
 -       'progcld3'        --- > progcld_zhao_carr_pdf
 -       'progcld4'        --- > progcld_gfdl_lin
 -       'progcld5'        --- > progcld_fer_hires
 -       'progcld6'        --- > progcld_thompson_wsm6
 -       'progclduni'      --- > progclduni
 -       'progcld_thompson'--- > progcld_thompson

- GFS_rrtmg_pre.F90

Removed the “progcldXXX” subroutine calls, and replaced them with a single subroutine call to “radiation_clouds_prop”.

- radiation_cloud_overlap.F90

> Replace the subroutine “get_alpha_exp” with “get_alpha_exper”. The new subroutine revises alpha for exponential random cloud overlap option. This new subroutine is used in programs GFS_rrtmgp_cloud_overlap_pre.F90 and GFS_rrtmgp_gfdlmp_pre.F90.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replaced subroutine “get_alpha_exp” with “get_alpha_exper”. The new subroutine revises alpha for exponential random cloud overlap option. This new subroutine is used in programs GFS_rrtmgp_cloud_overlap_pre.F90 and GFS_rrtmgp_gfdlmp_pre.F90.
```
